To whom it may concern:

I am the ideal candidate for the position of ROLE at
COMPANY as this letter and my CV will indicate.  In my time as a Senior NOC
Engineer I have grown my skills not only as a systems administrator but also as
a software engineer, taking on and maintaining multiple full-stack Python
applications with the goal of automating workflows and saving time.  My
easygoing attitude and inquisitive nature allow me to interact with coworkers
in an engaging, friendly way.

I have worked as some variation of Systems Administrator for over six years
now, beginning as an undergraduate at the University of Minnesota. Over the
last two years I have started the transition to a software engineer, writing
various Python applications. I have implemented the backend, making database
and system calls; the server, writing RESTful APIs; and the frontend, writing
jQuery which consumes the aforementioned APIs. Additionally, I am still growing
my skills as a sysadmin as I am the senior engineer in charge of implementing
monitoring solutions at Jive Software which currently includes both the Zenoss
monitoring platform and New Relic server and application monitoring. My focus
on automation, maintainable and scalable code, and proactive monitoring
solutions mean that I am prepared to face the challenges COMPANY will provide
me. I also know that my experience on both sides of the DevOps coin gives me
invaluable experience in solving modern software and technology problems.

Please take a moment to review my attached resume. I am confident you will
agree that I have the qualifacations for which you are looking and I look
forward to speaking with you soon to set up an interview.

Sincerely,

Brian Auron
